No.	Questions
1	If you plan to web application in the Azure platform as a service solution of Azure Web Apps, then the platform will have the ability to scale automatically?
2	You decide to create 2 Virtual machines. Each virtual machine is of the size D2s v3. Would these machines always generate the same monthly cost?
3	Your team needs to have a tool that provides a digital online assistant that can provide speech support. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
4	Your team needs to have a tool that can use past trainings to provide predictions of very high probability. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
5	Your team needs to have a tool that can provide serverless computing capabilities. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
6	Your team needs to have a tool that can be used to process data from millions of sensors. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
7	A company needs to deploy a set of resources to Azure. Below are the key requirements for the deployment: The need to be deployed across several departments. The resources that need to be deployed are all of the same type. You need to recommend a solution to automate the deployment of the Azure resources. Which of the following would you use for this requirement?
8	Your company needs to deploy an application to virtual machines hosted in Azure. The solution must ensure an SLA of 99.99%. What is the minimum number of virtual machines and availability zones that you need to recommend for the deployment?
9	Your team needs a tool that can be used to correlate events from multiple resources into a central repository. Which of the following can be used for this purpose?
10	A company is planning on hosting an application on an Azure Virtual Machine. It needs to be ensured that the application hosted on the virtual machine is accessible from the Internet over HTTPS. You decide to implement a DDOS protection plan. Would this satisfy the requirement?
11	A company is planning on hosting an application on an Azure Virtual Machine. It needs to be ensured that the application hosted on the virtual machine is accessible from the Internet over HTTPS. You decide to implement an Azure Traffic Manager profile. Would this satisfy the requirement?
12	Which of the following customers are eligible to use Azure Government to develop a cloud solution? Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
13	A team is currently planning on using Azure for hosting resources. They are going to create users which would have access to the Azure resources. The want to implement Multi-Factor authentication for the users. Is it required to deploy a federated solution to implement Multi-Factor authentication?
14	A team is currently planning on using Azure for hosting resources. They are going to create users which would have access to the Azure resources. The want to implement Multi-Factor authentication for the users. Are two valid methods for Azure Multi-Factor authentication picture identification and entering a passport number.
15	Which of the following support plan gives you access to best practice information, health status and notifications, and 24/7 access to billing information at the lowest possible cost.
16	If you plan to host a web application in the Azure platform as a service solution of Azure Web Apps, then you will have complete control over the underlying operating system.
17	You decide to create a virtual machine which is of the size D2s_v3. If you plan to stop the virtual machine, will you incur any costs for the storage associated with the virtual machine.
18	Your company is planning on using Azure for hosting Infrastructure level resources such as Azure Virtual Machines. When planning for the costing aspect for these resources, is there a flexibility offered when it comes to Capital and Operational Expenditure.
19	You are looking at using a Software as a Solution service in Azure. Which of the following would you be responsible for?
20	A company is planning on migrating all of their on-premise servers to Azure. Their business continuity department has advised that they need to ensure that servers hosted in Azure are available even if an Azure Data Center were to go down. Which of the following is a concept that would be involved in the design stage for this requirement.
21	Under which of the following circumstances could a company look at decommissioning its data center?
22	A company is planning on migrating a web site to Azure. This is a public web site that is used by users on the Internet. Which of the following must the company plan for if they are planning to migrate the web site to Azure?
23	An administrator needs to run a script written in PowerShell. This script is going to create a virtual machine in Azure. Would the script run on a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed?
24	An administrator needs to run a script written in PowerShell. This script is going to create a virtual machine in Azure. Would you be able to run the script on a machine that has Chrome OS installed and uses Azure Cloud Shell?
25	An administrator needs to run a script written in PowerShell. This script is going to create a virtual machine in Azure. Would you be able to run the script on a machine that has macOS and PowerShell core installed?
26	An Administrator needs to view the list of planned maintenance events that could potentially affect the availability of the resources hosted in an Azure subscription. Which of the following blade in the Azure portal should the administrator consider for this requirement?
27	Your team needs to have an integrated solution in place that can be used for the deployment of code. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
28	Your team needs a tool that can provide guidance and recommendations that can be used to improve an Azure environment. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
29	Your team needs to use a tool that can be used to build intelligent Artificial Intelligence based applications. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
30	Your team needs to have a tool that can be used to monitor web applications deployed to Azure. Which of the following service can be used for this purpose?
31	A team currently has several computers in their on-premise environment that runs on Windows 10. They need to share files by enabling mapped drives from the computers. Which of the following would be an ideal storage solution for this requirement?
32	A company wants to have a data store hosted in Azure. Below are the key requirements for the data store: The data store must be able to store JSON documents. The data store must be able to handle data writes from multiple regions. Which of the following would be the ideal data store for this requirement?
33	A team is planning on deploying Azure Virtual Machines to a resource group named demogroup. The group has been created in the US Central region. Do the virtual machines deployed to the resource group also need to be deployed to the US Central region only?
34	A team is planning on assigning tags to a resource group. Would the tag be inherited by resources in the resource group?
35	A set of IAM permissions have been assigned to a resource group. Would the resources in the resource group automatically inherit the IAM permissions assigned to the resource group?
36	Which of the following service can be used to build, test and deploy a predictive analytics solution that could subsequently be used to deploy an Artificial Intelligence solution to Azure?
37	Your team is planning on using the Azure Advisor tool. Would the Azure Advisor tool give recommendations on how to configure network settings for Azure virtual machines?
38	Your team is planning on using the Azure Advisor tool. Would the Azure Advisor tool give recommendations on how to save costs when it comes to hosting virtual machines in Azure?
39	Your team is planning on using the Azure Advisor tool. Would the Azure Advisor tool give recommendations on how to improve the security for Azure Active Directory?
40	A support engineer currently has a computer that runs Ubuntu. Which of the following Azure Management tools could be run from this computer?
41	Your company has just setup an Azure account and Azure Active Directory. They need to ensure that when users connect to Azure AD from the Internet from an Anonymous IP address, they are prompted to change their password automatically. Which of the following Azure service can help them achieve this requirement?
42	A company is planning on creating several virtual machines that will be used to host web and database servers. You need to limit the type of connections from the web and database servers. Which of the following can be used to fulfil this requirement?
43	Which of the following can be used to allow an organization to manage the compliance of resources across multiple subscriptions?
44	Your company is planning on setting an Azure environment by setting up a subscription and Azure AD. They need to purchase a low-cost option support plan. The support plan needs to ensure 24*7 access to support engineers by phone or email. You suggest opting for the Basic Support plan. Does this support the requirement?
45	Your company is planning on setting an Azure environment by setting up a subscription and Azure AD. They need to purchase a low-cost option support plan. The support plan needs to ensure 24*7 access to support engineers by phone or email. You suggest opting for the Standard Support plan. Does this support the requirement?
46	Does Microsoft release most of the Azure services in private preview before being introduced in public preview?
47	Is it true that Azure services released in public preview can only be managed via the Azure command line interface?
48	Is it true that an Azure service that is released in private preview is made available to all Azure customers?
49	Is it true that an Azure service that is released in public preview is made available to all Azure customers?
50	Is it true that an Azure service that is released as generally available is made available to all Azure customers?
51	Can a single Microsoft Account be used to manage multiple Azure subscriptions?
52	Is it possible to merge subscriptions into a single subscription?
53	A company has just started using Azure. They have setup a subscription and started deploying resources to Azure. Would they be guaranteed a service level agreement of at least 99.9% for paid Azure services?
54	A company has just started using Azure. They have setup a subscription and started deploying resources to Azure. Could the company increase the SLA for their resources by deploying resources across multiple regions?
55	A company has just started using Azure. They have setup a subscription and started deploying resources to Azure. Could the company increase the SLA for their resources by purchasing multiple subscriptions?
56	A set of virtual machines have been created in a subscription. You have now paid for a new subscription. Is it possible to move the virtual machines to the new subscription?
57	A company has defined the following resources in Azure: 10 Public IP addresses. 20 users in Azure AD. 5 user groups in Azure AD. They now want to reduce the costs associated with the Azure account. Would the removal of the users from the account help reduce the cost?
58	A company has defined the following resources in Azure: 10 Public IP addresses. 20 users in Azure AD. 5 user groups in Azure AD. They now want to reduce the costs associated with the Azure account. Would the removal of the user groups from the account help reduce the cost?
59	A company has defined the following resources in Azure: 10 Public IP addresses. 20 users in Azure AD. 5 user groups in Azure AD. They now want to reduce the costs associated with the Azure account. Would the removal of the public IP addresses from the account help reduce the cost?
60	A team member currently has a laptop that is based on the Android OS. The team member wants to create a virtual machine in Azure. The team member decides to use the Azure portal to create the virtual machine. Would this suit the purpose?
61	A team member currently has a laptop that is based on the Android OS. The team member wants to create a virtual machine in Azure. The team member decides to use the PowerApps portal to create the virtual machine. Would this suit the purpose?
62	Which of the following URL is used to manage the creation of Azure resources?
63	You need to create a virtual machine in Azure. Which of the following storage account service is used to store the data disks for the virtual machine?
64	Your company needs to have a data store in Azure. Below are the key requirements for the data store: The data store should be capable of storing 10TB of data. The data would be accessed infrequently. The data would need to be visualised using PowerBI. Which of the following services could you use for this requirement? Choose 2 answers from the options given below.
65	You need to deploy several virtual machines to Azure. You need to ensure that you can assign permissions to the virtual machines simultaneously. Which of the following can be implemented to fulfil this requirement?
66	Which of the following is a benefit of moving on-premise servers to the Azure cloud environment?
67	What are two characteristics of the public cloud? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
68	Your company plans to migrate all its data and resources to Azure. The company migration plan states that only Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure. You need to deploy an Azure environment that meets the company migration plan. Solution: You create an Azure App Service and Azure SQL databases. Does this meet the goal?
69	You plan to migrate a web application to Azure. The web application is accessed by external users. You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution to minimize the amount of administrative effort used to manage the web application. What should you include in the recommendation?
70	You have an on-premises network that contains 100 servers. You need to recommend a solution that provides additional resources to your users. The solution must minimize capital and operational expenditure costs. What should you include in the recommendation?
71	You plan to migrate several servers from an on-premises network to Azure. What is an advantage of using a public cloud service for the servers over an on-premises network?
72	You have 1,000 virtual machines hosted on the Hyper-V hosts in a data center. You plan to migrate all the virtual machines to an Azure pay-as-you-go subscription. You need to identify which expenditure model to use for the planned Azure solution. Which expenditure model should you identify?
73	You plan to provision Infrastructure as a Service (laaS) resources in Azure. Which resource is an example of laaS?
74	A team of developers at your company plans to deploy, and then remove, 50 virtual machines each week. All the virtual machines are configured by using Azure Resource Manager templates. You need to recommend which Azure service will minimize the administrative effort required to deploy and remove the virtual machines. What should you recommend?
75	Your company plans to migrate all its data and resources to Azure. The company migration plan states that only Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure. You need to deploy an Azure environment that meets the company migration plan. Solution: You create an Azure virtual machines, Azure SQL databases, and Azure Storage accounts. Does this meet the goal?
76	Your company plans to deploy several custom applications to Azure. The applications will provide invoicing services to the customers of the company. Each application will have several prerequisite applications and services installed. You need to recommend a cloud deployment solution for all the applications. What should you recommend?
77	[An Azure region] contains one or more data centers that are connected by using a low-latency network.
78	A support engineer plans to perform several Azure management tasks by using the Azure CLI. You install the CLI on a computer. You need to tell the support engineer which tools to use to run the CLI. Which two tools should you instruct the support engineer to use? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
79	You plan to store 20 TB of data in Azure. The data will be accessed infrequently and visualized by using Microsoft Power BI. You need to recommend a storage solution for the data Which two solutions should you recommend? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
80	You need to identify the type of failure for which an Azure Availability Zone can be used to protect access to Azure services. What should you identify?
81	You have a virtual machine named VM1 that runs Windows Server 2016. VM1 is in the East US Azure region. Which Azure service should you use from the Azure portal to view service failure notifications that can affect the availability of VM1?
82	An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Solution: Run the script from a computer that runs Linux and has the Azure CLI tools installed. Does this meet the goal?
83	An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Solution: Run the script from a computer that runs Chrome OS and uses Azure Cloud Shell Does this meet the goal?
84	You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual network. What should you create?
85	You have an Azure environment that contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You plan to implement a solution that enables the client computers on your on-premises network to communicate to the Azure virtual machines. You need to recommend which Azure resources must be created for the planned solution. Which two Azure resources should you include in the recommendation?
86	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. Solution: You use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
87	Your company plans to move several servers to Azure. The company compliance policy states that a server named FinServer must be on a separate network segment. You are evaluating which Azure services can be used to meet the compliance policy requirements. Which Azure solution should you recommend?
88	You plan to map a network drive from several computers that run Windows 10 to Azure Storage. You need to create a storage solution in Azure for the planned mapped drive. What should you create?
89	Your company plans to migrate all its network resources to Azure. You need to start the planning process by exploring Azure. What should you create first?
90	You have an on-premises application that sends email notifications automatically based on a rule, You plan to migrate the application to Azure. You need to recommend a serverless computing solution for the application. What should you include in the recommendation?
91	You plan to deploy a website to Azure. The website will be accessed by users worldwide and will host large video files. You need to recommend which Azure feature must be used to provide the best video playback experience. What should you recommend?
92	Your company plans to deploy several million sensors that will upload data to Azure. You need to identify which Azure resources must be created to support the planned solution. Which two Azure resources should you identify? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
93	You have an Azure web app. You need to manage the settings of the web app from an iPhone. What are two Azure management tools that you can use? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
94	Company plans to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure. What should the company use to build, test, and deploy predictive analytics solutions?
95	You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1. You sign in to the Azure portal and create a resource group named RG1. From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command. Solution: From the Azure portal, launch Azure Cloud Shell and select PowerShell. Run the command in Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
96	An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Solution: Run the script from a computer that runs Windows 10 and has the Azure PowerShell module installed. Does this meet the goal?
97	Which service provides serverless computing in Azure?
98	You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1. You sign in to the Azure portal and create a resource group named RG1. From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command. Solution: From the Azure portal, launch Azure Cloud Shell and select Bash. Run the command in Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
99	Your company has several business units. Each business unit requires 20 different Azure resources for daily operation. All the business units require the same type of Azure resources. You need to recommend a solution to automate the creation of the Azure resources. What should you include in the recommendations?
100	Which Azure service should you use to collect events from multiple resources into a centralized repository?
101	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. Solution: You use the PowerApps portal. Does this meet the goal?
102	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. Solution: You use the Azure portal. Does this meet the goal?
103	Which Azure service provides a set of version control tools to manage code?
104	Your company plans to automate the deployment of servers to Azure. Your manager is concerned that you may expose administrative credentials during the deployment. You need to recommend an Azure solution that encrypts the administrative credentials during the deployment. What should you include in the recommendation?
105	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to control the ports that devices on the Internet can use to access the virtual machines. What should you use?
106	Azure Germany can be used by legal residents of Germany only.
107	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution. You modify a Network Security Group (NSG). Does this meet the goal?
108	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify an Azure firewall. Does this meet the goal?
109	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify an Azure Traffic Manager profile. Does this meet the goal?
110	Which two types of customers are eligible to use Azure Government to develop a cloud solution?
111	You need to ensure that when Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users connect to Azure AD from the Internet by using an anonymous IP address, the users are prompted automatically to change their password. Which Azure service should you use?
112	Your company plans to deploy several web servers and several database servers to Azure. You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers. What should you include in the recommendation?
113	To what should an application connect to retrieve security tokens?
114	Which service provides network traffic filtering across multiple Azure subscriptions and virtual networks?
115	Which Azure service should you use to store certificates?
116	You have a resource group named RG1. You plan to create virtual networks and app services in RG1. You need to prevent the creation of virtual machines only in RG1. What should you use?
117	What can Azure Information Protection encrypt?
118	From [Azure Monitor], you can view which user turned off a specific virtual machine during the last 14 days.
119	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains resources In several regions. A company policy states that administrators must only be allowed to create additional Azure resources in a region in the country where their office is located. You need to create the Azure resource that must be used to meet the policy requirement. What should you create?
120	From [Azure Cloud Shell], you can track your company regulatory standards and regulations, such as ISO 27001.
121	You need to configure an Azure solution that meets the following requirements: Secures websites from attacks. Generates reports that contain details of attempted attacks. What should you include in the solution?
122	You attempt to create several managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment and receive a message that you must increase your Azure subscription limits. What should you do to increase the limits?
123	Your company has 10 offices. You plan to generate several billing reports from the Azure portal. Each report will contain the Azure resource utilization of each office. Which Azure Resource Manager feature should you use before you generate the reports?
124	Your company plans to migrate to Azure. The company has several departments. All the Azure resources used by each department will be managed by a department administrator. What are two possible techniques to segment Azure for the departments? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
125	In which Azure support plans can you open a new support request?
126	What is guaranteed in an Azure Service Level Agreement (SLA) for virtual machines?
127	Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The company support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Basic support plan. Does this meet the goal?
128	Your company plans to request an architectural review of an Azure environment from Microsoft. The company currently has a Basic support plan. You need to recommend a new support plan for the company. The solution must minimize costs. Which support plan should you recommend?
129	What is required to use Azure Cost Management?
130	Your Azure trial account expired last week. You are now unable to [create additional Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) user accounts].
131	Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription, The company support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Premier support plan. Does this meet the goal?
132	Your company has 10 departments. The company plans to implement Azure environment. You need to ensure that each department can use a different payment option for the Azure services it consumes. What should you create for each department?
133	Which statement accurately describes the Modern Lifecycle Policy for Azure services?
134	You can use Advisor recommendations in Azure to send email alerts when the cost of the current billing Azure subscription exceeds a specified limit.
135	To implement a hybrid cloud model, a company must first have a private cloud.
136	A company can extend the computing resources of its internal network by using a hybrid cloud.
137	In a public cloud model, only guest users at your company can access the resources in the cloud.
138	You have an on-premises network that contains several servers. You plan to migrate all the servers to Azure. You need to recommend a solution to ensure that some of the servers are available if a single Azure data center goes offline for an extended period. What should you include in the recommendation?
139	An organization that hosts its infrastructure [in a private cloud] can close its data center.
140	What are two characteristics of the public cloud?
141	Your company plans to migrate all its data and resources to Azure. The company migration plan states that only Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure. You need to deploy an Azure environment that meets the company migration plan. Solution: You create an Azure App Service and Azure virtual machines that have Microsoft SQL Server installed. Does this meet the goal?
142	Your company hosts an accounting application named App1 that is used by all the customers of the company. App1 has low usage during the first three weeks of each month and very high usage during the last week of each month. Which benefit of Azure Cloud Services supports cost management for this type of usage pattern?
143	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more scale sets. Does this meet the goal?
144	You plan to provision Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) resources in Azure. Which resource is an example of IaaS?
145	A team of developers at your company plans to deploy, and then remove, 50 customized virtual machines each week. Thirty of the virtual machines run Windows Server 2016 and 20 of the virtual machines run Ubuntu Linux. You need to recommend which Azure service will minimize the administrative effort required to deploy and remove the virtual machines. What should you recommend?
146	One of the benefits of Azure SQL Data Warehouse is that [high availability] is built into the platform.
147	Match the Azure services to the correct descriptions.
148	An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Solution: Run the script from a computer that runs macOS and has PowerShell Core 6.0 installed. Does this meet the goal?
149	You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines. You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual networks. What should you create?
150	You have an on-premises application that sends email notifications automatically based on a rule. You plan to migrate the application to Azure. You need to recommend a serverless computing solution for the application. What should you include in the recommendation?
151	You have an application that is comprised of an Azure web app that has a Service Level Agreement (SLA) of 99.95 percent and an Azure SQL database that has an SLA of 99.99 percent. The composite SLA for the application is [the product of both SLAs, which equals 99.94 percent].
152	You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1. You sign in to the Azure portal and create a resource group named RG1. From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command. Solution: From a computer that runs Windows 10, install Azure CLI. From PowerShell, sign in to Azure and then run the command. Does this meet the goal?
153	You have an Azure subscription named Subscription1. You sign in to the Azure portal and create a resource group named RG1. From Azure documentation, you have the following command that creates a virtual machine named VM1. az vm create --resource-group RG1 --name VM1 --image UbuntuLTS --generate-ssh-keys You need to create VM1 in Subscription1 by using the command. Solution: From a computer that runs Windows 10, install Azure CLI. From a command prompt, sign in to Azure and then run the command. Does this meet the goal?
154	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. Solution: You use PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
155	[Azure Databricks] is an Apache Spark-based analytics service.
156	Azure Site Recovery provides [fault tolerance] for virtual machines.
157	An Availability Zone in Azure has physically separate locations [across two continents].
158	Your company plans to migrate all on-premises data to Azure. You need to identify whether Azure complies with the company regional requirements. What should you use?
159	Azure Key Vault is used to store secrets for [Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) user accounts].
160	After you create a virtual machine, you need to modify the [Network Security Group (NSG)] to allow connections to TCP port 8080 on the virtual machine.
161	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify a Network Security Group (NSG). Does this meet the goal?
162	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. Solution: You modify a DDoS protection plan. Does this meet the goal?
163	[Resource groups] provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions.
164	Your network contains an Active Directory forest. The forest contains 5,000 user accounts. Your company plans to migrate all network resources to Azure and to decommission the on-premises data center. You need to recommend a solution to minimize the impact on users after the planned migration. What should you recommend?
165	What should you use to evaluate whether your company Azure environment meets regulatory requirements?
166	The [Microsoft Online Services Privacy Statement] explains what data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes the data, and the purpose of processing the data.
167	If Microsoft plans to end support for an Azure service that does NOT have a successor service, Microsoft will provide notification at least [12 months] before.
168	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources: 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Five groups in Azure AD 10 public IP addresses 10 network interfaces You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company. Solution: You remove the unused network interfaces. Does this meet the goal?
169	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources: 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Five groups in Azure AD 10 public IP addresses 10 network interfaces You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company. Solution: You remove the unused public IP addresses. Does this meet the goal?
170	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources: 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Five groups in Azure AD 10 public IP addresses 10 network interfaces You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company. Solution: You remove the unused user accounts. Does this meet the goal?
171	A support plan solution that gives you best practice information, health status and notifications, and 24/7 access to billing information at the lowest possible cost is a [Standard] support plan.
172	You can create an Azure support request from [support.microsoft.com].
173	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources: 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) Five groups in Azure AD 10 public IP addresses 10 network interfaces You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company. Solution: You remove the unused groups. Does this meet the goal?
174	The Azure [Standard] support plan is the lowest cost option to receive 24×7 access to support engineers by phone.
175	All Azure services that are in public preview are [provided without any documentation].
176	An Azure service is available to all Azure customers when it is in [public preview].
177	Your company has an on-premises network with numerous servers, which they intend to migrate to Azure. You have been tasked with devising a plan that allows for the availability of a few of the servers, in the event that one of the Azure data centers becomes unavailable for a lengthy interval. Solution: You should include elasticity in your plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
178	Your company has an on-premises network with numerous servers, which they intend to migrate to Azure. You have been tasked with devising a plan that allows for the availability of a few of the servers, in the event that one of the Azure data centers becomes unavailable for a lengthy interval. Solution: You should include scalability in your plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
179	Your company has an on-premises network with numerous servers, which they intend to migrate to Azure. You have been tasked with devising a plan that allows for the availability of a few of the servers, in the event that one of the Azure data centers becomes unavailable for a lengthy interval. Solution: You should include fault tolerance in your plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
180	You are tasked with deploying Azure virtual machines for your company. You need to make use of the appropriate cloud deployment solution. Solution: You should make use of Software as a Service (SaaS). Does the solution meet the goal?
181	You are tasked with deploying Azure virtual machines for your company. You need to make use of the appropriate cloud deployment solution. Solution: You should make use of Platform as a Service (PaaS). Does the solution meet the goal?
182	You are tasked with deploying Azure virtual machines for your company. You need to make use of the appropriate cloud deployment solution. Solution: You should make use of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS). Does the solution meet the goal?
183	Your company on-premises network includes a large number of servers. They would like to make extra resources available to their users, while keeping capital and operational overheads to a minimum. You are required to make recommendations that should be included in the overall solution. Solution: You should indorse the use of an added data center as part of the solution. Does the solution meet the goal?
184	Your company on-premises network includes a large number of servers. They would like to make extra resources available to their users, while keeping capital and operational overheads to a minimum. You are required to make recommendations that should be included in the overall solution. Solution: You should indorse the use of a hybrid cloud as part of the solution. Does the solution meet the goal?
185	Your company on-premises network includes a large number of servers. They would like to make extra resources available to their users, while keeping capital and operational overheads to a minimum. You are required to make recommendations that should be included in the overall solution. Solution: You should indorse the use of a private cloud as part of the solution. Does the solution meet the goal?
186	Your company is planning to migrate all their virtual machines to an Azure pay-as-you-go subscription. The virtual machines are currently hosted on the Hyper-V hosts in a data center. You are required make sure that the intended Azure solution uses the correct expenditure model. Solution: You should recommend the use of the elastic expenditure model. Does the solution meet the goal?
187	Your company is planning to migrate all their virtual machines to an Azure pay-as-you-go subscription. The virtual machines are currently hosted on the Hyper-V hosts in a data center. You are required make sure that the intended Azure solution uses the correct expenditure model. Solution: You should recommend the use of the scalable expenditure model. Does the solution meet the goal?
188	Your company is planning to migrate all their virtual machines to an Azure pay-as-you-go subscription. The virtual machines are currently hosted on the Hyper-V hosts in a data center. You are required make sure that the intended Azure solution uses the correct expenditure model. Solution: You should recommend the use of the operational expenditure model. Does the solution meet the goal?
189	You are required to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure. You want to make sure that you are able to build, test, and deploy predictive analytics for the solution. Solution: You should make use of Azure Cosmos DB. Does the solution meet the goal?
190	You are required to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure. You want to make sure that you are able to build, test, and deploy predictive analytics for the solution. Solution: You should make use of Azure Logic Apps. Does the solution meet the goal?
191	You are required to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure. You want to make sure that you are able to build, test, and deploy predictive analytics for the solution. Solution: You should make use of Azure Machine Learning Studio. Does the solution meet the goal?
192	Your company infrastructure includes a number of business units that each need a large number of various Azure resources for everyday operation. The resources required by each business unit are identical. You are required to sanction a strategy to create Azure resources automatically. Solution: You recommend that the Azure API Management service be included in the strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
193	Your company infrastructure includes a number of business units that each need a large number of various Azure resources for everyday operation. The resources required by each business unit are identical. You are required to sanction a strategy to create Azure resources automatically. Solution: You recommend that management groups be included in the strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
194	Your company infrastructure includes a number of business units that each need a large number of various Azure resources for everyday operation. The resources required by each business unit are identical. You are required to sanction a strategy to create Azure resources automatically. Solution: You recommend that the Azure Resource Manager templates be included in the strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
195	You are tasked with deploying a critical LOB application, which will be installed on a virtual machine, to Azure. You are informed that the application deployment strategy should allow for a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. You need to make sure that the strategy requires as little virtual machines and availability zones as possible. Solution: You include two virtual machines and one availability zone in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
196	You are tasked with deploying a critical LOB application, which will be installed on a virtual machine, to Azure. You are informed that the application deployment strategy should allow for a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. You need to make sure that the strategy requires as little virtual machines and availability zones as possible. Solution: You include one virtual machine and two availability zones in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
197	You are tasked with deploying a critical LOB application, which will be installed on a virtual machine, to Azure. You are informed that the application deployment strategy should allow for a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. You need to make sure that the strategy requires as little virtual machines and availability zones as possible. Solution: You include two virtual machines and two availability zones in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
198	Your company has developers intend to deploy a large number of custom virtual machines on a weekly basis. They will also be removing these virtual machines during the same week it was deployed. Sixty percent of the virtual machines have Windows Server 2016 installed, while the other forty percent has Ubuntu Linux installed. You are required to make sure that the administrative effort, needed for this process, is reduced by employing a suitable Azure service. Solution: you recommend the use of Microsoft Managed Desktop. Does the solution meet the goal?
199	Your company has developers intend to deploy a large number of custom virtual machines on a weekly basis. They will also be removing these virtual machines during the same week it was deployed. Sixty percent of the virtual machines have Windows Server 2016 installed, while the other forty percent has Ubuntu Linux installed. You are required to make sure that the administrative effort, needed for this process, is reduced by employing a suitable Azure service. Solution: you recommend the use of Azure Reserved Virtual Machines (VM) Instances.
200	Your company has developers intend to deploy a large number of custom virtual machines on a weekly basis. They will also be removing these virtual machines during the same week it was deployed. Sixty percent of the virtual machines have Windows Server 2016 installed, while the other forty percent has Ubuntu Linux installed. You are required to make sure that the administrative effort, needed for this process, is reduced by employing a suitable Azure service. Solution: you recommend the use of Azure DevTest Labs. Does the solution meet the goal?
201	Your company has virtual machines (VMs) hosted in Microsoft Azure. The VMs are located in a single Azure virtual network named VNet1. The company has users that work remotely. The remote workers require access to the VMs on VNet1. You need to provide access for the remote workers. What should you do?
202	You have been informed by your superiors of the company intentions to automate server deployment to Azure. There is, however, some concern that administrative credentials could be uncovered during this process. You are required to make sure that during the deployment, the administrative credentials are encrypted using a suitable Azure solution. Solution: You recommend the use of Azure Information Protection. Does the solution meet the goal?
203	You have been informed by your superiors of the company intentions to automate server deployment to Azure. There is, however, some concern that administrative credentials could be uncovered during this process. You are required to make sure that during the deployment, the administrative credentials are encrypted using a suitable Azure solution. Solution: You recommend the use of Azure Key Vault. Does the solution meet the goal?
204	You have been informed by your superiors of the company intentions to automate server deployment to Azure. There is, however, some concern that administrative credentials could be uncovered during this process. You are required to make sure that during the deployment, the administrative credentials are encrypted using a suitable Azure solution. Solution: You recommend the use of Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). Does the solution meet the goal?
205	Your company has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) environment. Users occasionally connect to Azure AD via the Internet. You have been tasked with making sure that users who connect to Azure AD via the internet from an unidentified IP address, are automatically encouraged to change passwords. Solution: You configure the use of Azure Key Vault. Does the solution meet the goal?
206	Your company has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) environment. Users occasionally connect to Azure AD via the Internet. You have been tasked with making sure that users who connect to Azure AD via the internet from an unidentified IP address, are automatically encouraged to change passwords. Solution: You configure the use of Azure AD Identity Protection. Does the solution meet the goal?
207	Your company has an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) environment. Users occasionally connect to Azure AD via the Internet. You have been tasked with making sure that users who connect to Azure AD via the internet from an unidentified IP address, are automatically encouraged to change passwords. Solution: You configure the use of Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. Does the solution meet the goal?
208	You are planning a strategy to deploy numerous web servers and database servers to Azure. This strategy should allow for connection types between the web servers and database servers to be controlled. Solution: You include the Azure Service Bus in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
209	You are planning a strategy to deploy numerous web servers and database servers to Azure. This strategy should allow for connection types between the web servers and database servers to be controlled. Solution: You include network security groups (NSGs) in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
210	You are planning a strategy to deploy numerous web servers and database servers to Azure. This strategy should allow for connection types between the web servers and database servers to be controlled. Solution: You include a local network gateway in your strategy. Does the solution meet the goal?
211	Your company Active Directory forest includes thousands of user accounts. You have been informed that all network resources will be migrated to Azure. Thereafter, the on-premises data center will be retired. You are required to employ a strategy that reduces the effect on users, once the planned migration has been completed. Solution: You plan to require Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). Does the solution meet the goal?
212	Your company Active Directory forest includes thousands of user accounts. You have been informed that all network resources will be migrated to Azure. Thereafter, the on-premises data center will be retired. You are required to employ a strategy that reduces the effect on users, once the planned migration has been completed. Solution: You plan to sync all the Active Directory user accounts to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Does the solution meet the goal?
213	Your company Active Directory forest includes thousands of user accounts. You have been informed that all network resources will be migrated to Azure. Thereafter, the on-premises data center will be retired. You are required to employ a strategy that reduces the effect on users, once the planned migration has been completed. Solution: You plan to enforce password change. Does the solution meet the goal?
214	Your developers have created 10 web applications that must be host on Azure. You need to determine which Azure web tier plan to host the web apps. The web tier plan must meet the following requirements: The web apps will use custom domains. The web apps each require 10 GB of storage. The web apps must each run in dedicated compute instances. Load balancing between instances must be included. Costs must be minimized. Which web tier plan should you use?
215	You are currently trying to generate a number of managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment. During the process, you are presented with a notification informing you that the Azure subscription limits must be increased. You want to make sure that you can complete your task. Solution: You generate a service health alert. Does the solution meet the goal?
216	You are currently trying to generate a number of managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment. During the process, you are presented with a notification informing you that the Azure subscription limits must be increased. You want to make sure that you can complete your task. Solution: You alter an Azure policy. Does the solution meet the goal?
217	You are currently trying to generate a number of managed Microsoft SQL Server instances in an Azure environment. During the process, you are presented with a notification informing you that the Azure subscription limits must be increased. You want to make sure that you can complete your task. Solution: You generate a new support request. Does the solution meet the goal?
218	You are planning to migrate a company to Azure. Each of the company numerous divisions will have an administrator in place to manage the Azure resources used by their respective division. You want to make sure that the Azure deployment you employ allows for Azure to be segmented for the divisions, while keeping administrative effort to a minimum. Solution: You plan to make use of several Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) directories. Does the solution meet the goal?
219	You are planning to migrate a company to Azure. Each of the company numerous divisions will have an administrator in place to manage the Azure resources used by their respective division. You want to make sure that the Azure deployment you employ allows for Azure to be segmented for the divisions, while keeping administrative effort to a minimum. Solution: You plan to make use of several resource groups. Does the solution meet the goal?
220	You are planning to migrate a company to Azure. Each of the company numerous divisions will have an administrator in place to manage the Azure resources used by their respective division. You want to make sure that the Azure deployment you employ allows for Azure to be segmented for the divisions, while keeping administrative effort to a minimum. Solution: You plan to make use of several subscriptions. Does the solution meet the goal?
221	Your developers have created a portal web app for users in the Miami branch office. The web app will be publicly accessible and used by the Miami users to retrieve customer and product information. The web app is currently running in an on-premises test environment. You plan to host the web app on Azure. You need to determine which Azure web tier plan to host the web app. The web tier plan must meet the following requirements: The website will use the miami.weyland.com URL. The website will be deployed to two instances. SSL support must be included. The website requires 12 GB of storage. Costs must be minimized. Which web tier plan should you use?
222	Your company has datacenters in Los Angeles and New York. The company has a Microsoft Azure subscription. You are configuring the two datacenters as geo-clustered sites for site resiliency. You need to recommend an Azure storage redundancy option. You have the following data storage requirements: Data must be stored on multiple nodes. Data must be stored on nodes in separate geographic locations. Data can be read from the secondary location as well as from the primary location Which of the following Azure stored redundancy options should you recommend?
223	Your company Azure subscription includes a Basic support plan. They would like to request an assessment of an Azure environment design from Microsoft. This is, however, not supported by the existing plan. You want to make sure that the company subscribes to a support plan that allows this functionality, while keeping expenses to a minimum. Solution: You recommend that the company subscribes to the Standard support plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
224	Your company Azure subscription includes a Basic support plan. They would like to request an assessment of an Azure environment design from Microsoft. This is, however, not supported by the existing plan. You want to make sure that the company subscribes to a support plan that allows this functionality, while keeping expenses to a minimum. Solution: You recommend that the company subscribes to the Professional Direct support plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
225	Your company Azure subscription includes a Basic support plan. They would like to request an assessment of an Azure environment design from Microsoft. This is, however, not supported by the existing plan. You want to make sure that the company subscribes to a support plan that allows this functionality, while keeping expenses to a minimum. Solution: You recommend that the company subscribes to the Premier support plan. Does the solution meet the goal?
226	A company that has numerous divisions is planning to deploy an Azure environment. The company would like each division option to pay for the Azure services it utilizes, not be the same. You have been asked to recommend a solution to meet the requirements. Solution: You recommend that an Azure role be created for each division. Does the solution meet the goal?
227	A company that has numerous divisions is planning to deploy an Azure environment. The company would like each division option to pay for the Azure services it utilizes, not be the same. You have been asked to recommend a solution to meet the requirements. Solution: You recommend that an Azure policy be created for each division. Does the solution meet the goal?
228	A company that has numerous divisions is planning to deploy an Azure environment. The company would like each division option to pay for the Azure services it utilizes, not be the same. You have been asked to recommend a solution to meet the requirements. Solution: You recommend that a subscription be created for each division. Does the solution meet the goal?
229	An Azure subscription can be associated to multiple Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenants.
230	You can change the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant to which an Azure subscription is associated.
231	When an Azure subscription expires, the associated Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) tenant is deleted automatically.
232	A single Microsoft account can be used to manage multiple Azure subscriptions.
233	Two Azure subscriptions can be merged into a single subscription.
234	A company can use resources from multiple subscriptions.
235	Availability zones can be implemented in all Azure regions.
236	Only virtual machines that run Windows Server can be created in availability zones.
237	Availability zones are used to replicate data and applications to multiple regions.
238	You plan to create an Azure virtual machine. You need to identify which storage service must be used to store the unmanaged data disks of the virtual machine. What should you identify?
239	You plan to implement an Azure database solution. You need to implement a database solution that meets the following requirements: Can add data concurrently from multiple regions. Can store JSON documents Which database service should you deploy?
240	All the Azure resources deployed to a resource group must use the same Azure region.
241	If you assign a tag to a resource group, all the Azure resources in that resource group are assigned to the same tag.
242	If you assign permissions for a user to manage a resource group, the user can manage all the Azure resources in that resource group.
243	You plan to deploy a critical line-of-business application to Azure. The application will run on an Azure virtual machine. You need to recommend a deployment solution for the application. The solution must provide a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. What is the minimum number of virtual machines and the minimum number of availability zones you should recommend for the deployment? Minimum number of virtual machines:
244	You plan to deploy a critical line-of-business application to Azure. The application will run on an Azure virtual machine. You need to recommend a deployment solution for the application. The solution must provide a guaranteed availability of 99.99 percent. What is the minimum number of virtual machines and the minimum number of availability zones you should recommend for the deployment? Minimum number of availability zones:
245	Data that is stored in an Azure Storage account automatically has at least three copies.
246	All data that is copied to an Azure Storage account is backed up automatically to another Azure data center.
247	An Azure Storage account can contain up to 2 TB of data and up to one million files.
248	If you have Azure resources deployed to every region, you can implement availability zones in all the regions.
249	North America is represented by a single Azure region.
250	Every Azure region has multiple datacenters.
251	Data transfers between Azure services located in different Azure regions are always free.
252	You need to be notified when Microsoft plans to perform maintenance that can affect the resources deployed to an Azure subscription. What should you use?
253	A Windows Virtual Desktop session host can run Windows 10 only.
254	A Windows Virtual Desktop host pool that includes 20 session hosts supports a maximum of 20 simultaneous user connections.
255	Windows Virtual Desktop supports desktop and app virtualization.
256	[...] can calculate cost savings due to reduced electricity consumption as a result of migrating on-premises Microsoft SQL servers to Azure.
257	You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure virtual machines from a datacenter failure.
258	You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure virtual machines from a region failure.
259	You can use Availability Zones in Azure to protect Azure managed disks from a datacenter failure.
260	An Azure subscription can have multiple account administrators.
261	An Azure subscription can be managed by using a Microsoft account only.
262	An Azure resource group can contain multiple Azure subscriptions.
263	To use Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) credentials to sign in to a computer that runs Windows 10, the computer must be joined to Azure AD.
264	Users in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) are organized by using resource groups.
265	Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) groups support dynamic membership rules.
266	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines remain available if a single data center fails. What are two possible solutions?
267	Azure Monitor can monitor the performance of on-premises computers.
268	Azure Monitor can send alerts to Azure Active Directory security groups.
269	Azure Monitor can trigger alerts based on data in an Azure Log Analytics workspace.
270	From Azure Service Health, an administrator can view the health of all the services in an Azure environment.
271	From Azure Service Health, an administrator can create a rule to be alerted if an Azure service fails.
272	From Azure Service Health, an administrator can prevent a service failure.
273	You need to identify which blades in the Azure portal must be used to perform the following task: Monitor the health of Azure services.
274	You need to identify which blades in the Azure portal must be used to perform the following task: Browse available virtual machine images.
275	You need to identify which blades in the Azure portal must be used to perform the following task: View security recommendations.
276	Azure Advisor can generate a list of Azure virtual machines that are protected by Azure Backup.
277	If you implement the security recommendations provided by Azure Advisor, your company secure score will decrease.
278	To maintain Microsoft support, you must implement the security recommendations provided by Azure Advisor within a period of 30 days.
279	What can you use to automatically send an alert if an administrator stops an Azure virtual machine?
280	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from a tablet that runs the Android operating system. What are three possible solutions?
281	Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to improve the security of an Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) environment.
282	Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to reduce the cost of running Azure virtual machines.
283	Azure Advisor provides recommendations on how to configure the network settings on Azure virtual machines.
284	Several support engineers plan to manage Azure by using the Computer1-Windows 10. You need to identify which Azure management tools can be used.
285	Several support engineers plan to manage Azure by using the Computer2-Ubuntu. You need to identify which Azure management tools can be used.
286	Several support engineers plan to manage Azure by using the Computer3-MacOS Mojave. You need to identify which Azure management tools can be used.
287	You can access Compliance Manager from the [...].
288	An Azure administrator plans to run a PowerShell script that creates Azure resources. You need to recommend which computer configuration to use to run the script. Which three computers can run the script?
289	Azure Firewall will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure the Internet.
290	A Network Security Group (NSG) will encrypt all the network traffic sent from Azure to the Internet.
291	Azure virtual machines that run Windows Server 2016 can encrypt network traffic sent to the Internet.
292	Azure Security Center can monitor Azure resources and on-premises resources.
293	All Azure Security Center features are free.
294	From Azure Security Center, you can download a Regulatory Compliance report.
295	You plan to implement several security services for an Azure environment. You need to identify which Azure services must be used to meet the following security requirements: Monitor threats by using sensors.
296	You plan to implement several security services for an Azure environment. You need to identify which Azure services must be used to meet the following security requirements: Enforce Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) based on a condition.
297	Your Azure environment contains multiple Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 is accessible from the Internet over HTTP. What are two possible solutions?
298	You can enable Just In Time (JIT) VM access by using [...].
299	You can associate a Network Security Group (NSG) to a virtual network subnet.
300	You can associate a Network Security Group (NSG) to a virtual network.
301	You can associate a Network Security Group (NSG) to a network interface.
302	After you create a virtual machine, you need to modify to allow connections to TCP port 8080 on the virtual machine [...].
303	You can create custom Azure roles to control access to resources.
304	A user account can be assigned to multiple Azure roles.
305	A resource group can have the Owner role assigned to multiple users.
306	You need to collect and automatically analyze security events from Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). What should you use?
307	From [...] you can view which user turned off a specific virtual machine during the last 14 days.
308	Which Azure service can you use as a security information and event management (SIEM) solution?
309	Your company implements [Azure policies] to automatically add a watermark to Microsoft Word documents that contain credit card information.
310	You have an Azure virtual network named VNET1 in a resource group named RG1. You assign the Azure Policy definition of Not Allowed Resource Type and specify that virtual networks are not an allowed resource type in RG1. VNET1 [...].
311	You can create Group Polices in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
312	You can join Windows 10 devices to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
313	You can join Android devices to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
314	The [...] explains what data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes the data, and the purpose of processing the data.
315	An Azure Policy initiative definition is a [...].
316	[...] provide organizations with the ability to manage the compliance of Azure resources across multiple subscriptions.
317	General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) defines data protection and privacy rules.
318	General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to companies that offer goods or services to individuals in the EU.
319	Azure can be used to build a General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)-compliant infrastructure.
320	You can add an Azure Resource Manager template to an Azure blueprint.
321	You can assign an Azure blueprint to a resource group.
322	You can use Azure Blueprints to grant permissions to a resource.
323	Azure China is operated by Microsoft.
324	Azure Government is operated by Microsoft.
325	Azure Government is available only to US government agencies and their partners.
326	An Azure resource can have multiple Delete locks.
327	An Azure resource inherits locks from its resource group.
328	If an Azure resource has a Read-only lock, you can add a Delete lock to the resource.
329	Authorization to access Azure resources can be provided only to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) users.
330	Identities stored in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), third-party cloud services, and on-premises Active Directory can be used to access Azure resources.
331	Azure has built-in authentication and authorization services that provide secure access to Azure resources.
332	Identities stored in an on-premises Active Directory can be synchronized to Azure Active Directory (Azure AD).
333	You can view your company regulatory compliance report from [...].
334	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains resources in several regions. You need to ensure that administrators can only create resources in those regions. What should you use?
335	Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) requires the implementation of domain controllers on Azure virtual machines.
336	Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) provides authentication services for resources hosted in Azure and Microsoft 365.
337	Each user account in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) can be assigned only one license.
338	To implement an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) solution, you must sync on-premises identities to the cloud.
339	Two valid methods for Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) are picture identification and a passport number.
340	You can configure the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) activity logs to appear in Azure Monitor.
341	From Azure Monitor, you can monitor resources across multiple Azure subscriptions.
342	From Azure Monitor, you can create alerts.
343	You create a resource group named RG1 in Azure Resource Manager. You need to prevent the accidental deletion of the resources in RG1. Which setting should you use?
344	You have a resource group named RG1. You need to prevent the creation of virtual machines only in RG1. The solution must ensure that other objects can be created in RG1. What should you use?
345	You have an Azure subscription and 100 Windows 10 devices. You need to ensure that only users whose devices have the latest security patches installed can access Azure Active Directory (Azure AD)-integrated applications. What should you implement?
346	[...] enables users to authenticate to multiple applications by using single sign-on (SSO).
347	You deploy an Azure resource. The resource becomes unavailable for an extended period due to a service outage. Microsoft will [...].
348	Which task can you perform by using Azure Advisor?
349	If your company uses an Azure free account, you will only be able to use a subset of Azure services.
350	All Azure free accounts expire after a specific period.
351	You can create up to 10 Azure free accounts by using the same Microsoft account.
352	All Azure services in private preview must be accessed by using a separate Azure portal.
353	Azure services in public preview can be used in production environments.
354	Azure services in public preview are subject to a Service Level Agreement (SLA).
355	A Standard support plan is included in an Azure free account.
356	Match the Azure services to the appropriate descriptions.
357	Support from MSDN forums is only provided to companies that have a pay-as-you-go subscription.
358	A user who is assigned the Owner role can transfer ownership of an Azure subscription.
359	You can convert the Azure subscription of your company from Free Trial to Pay-As-You-Go.
360	With Azure Reservations, you pay less fer virtual machines than with pay as-you-go pricing.
361	Two Azure virtual machines that use the B25 size have the same monthly costs.
362	When an Azure virtual machine is stopped, you continue to pay storage costs for the virtual machine.
363	How should you calculate the monthly uptime percentage? [...] ÷ Maximum Available Minutes × 100.
364	How should you calculate the monthly uptime percentage? (Maximum Available Minutes-Downtime in Minutes) ÷ [...] × 100.
365	How should you calculate the monthly uptime percentage? (Maximum Available Minutes-Downtime in Minutes) ÷ Maximum Available Minutes × [...].
366	By creating additional resource groups in an Azure subscription, additional costs are incurred.
367	By copying several gigabits of data to Azure from an on-premises network over a VPN, additional data transfer costs are incurred.
368	An Azure service is available to all Azure customers when it is in [...].
369	Most Azure services are introduced in private preview before being introduced in public preview, and then in general availability.
370	Azure services in public preview can be managed only by using the Azure CLI.
371	The cost of an Azure service in private preview decreases when the service becomes generally available.
372	Your Azure trial account expired last week. You are now unable to [...].
373	Your company plans to purchase an Azure subscription. The company has support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Professional Direct support plan. Does this meet the goal?
374	Your company has 10 departments. The company plans to implement an Azure environment. You need to ensure that each department can use a different payment option for the Azure services it consumes. What should you create for each department?
375	An Azure free account has a spending limit.
376	An Azure free account has a limit of 2TB of data that can be uploaded to Azure.
377	An Azure free account can contain an unlimited number of web apps.
378	An Azure service in private preview is released to all Azure customers.
379	An Azure service in public preview is released to all Azure customers.
380	An Azure service in general availability is released to a subset of Azure customers.
381	With a consumption-based plan, you pay a fixed rate for all data sent to or from virtual machines hosted in the cloud.
382	With a consumption-based plan, you reduce overall costs by paying only for extra capacity when it is required.
383	Serverless computing is an example of a consumption-based plan.
384	The cost of Azure resources can vary between regions.
385	An Azure Reservation is used to reserve server capacity at a specific data center.
386	You can stop an Azure SQL Database instance to decrease costs.
387	You have an application that is comprised of an Azure web app that has a Service Level Agreement (SLA) of 99.95 percent and an Azure SQL database that has an SLA of 99.99 percent. The composite SLA for the application is [...].
388	The Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime for paid Azure services is at least 99.9 percent.
389	Companies can increase the Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime by adding Azure resources to multiple regions.
390	Companies can increase the Service Level Agreement (SLA) guaranteed uptime by purchasing multiple subscriptions.
391	Match the Azure Services service to the correct description.
392	You need to request that Microsoft increase a subscription quota limit for your company. Which blade should you use from the Azure portal?
393	You can use in Azure to send email alerts when the cost of the current billing period for an Azure subscription exceeds a specified limit.
394	From the Azure portal, you can distinguish between services that are generally available and services that are in public preview.
395	After an Azure service becomes generally available, the service is no longer updated with new features.
396	When you create Azure resources for a service in public preview, you must recreate the resources once the service becomes generally available.
397	When using an Azure ExpressRoute connection, inbound data traffic from an on-premises network to Azure is always free.
398	Outbound data traffic from Azure to an on-premises network is always free.
399	Data traffic between Azure services within the same Azure region is always free.
400	Your company has an Azure subscription that contains the following unused resources: 20 user accounts in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). Five groups in Azure AD. 10 public IP addresses. 10 network interfaces. You need to reduce the Azure costs for the company. Which unused resources should you remove?
401	If an Azure virtual machine has a status of Stopped (deallocated), you will continue to pay for.
402	Storing 1 TB of data in Azure Blob storage will always cost the same, regardless of the Azure region in which the data is located.
403	When you use a general-purpose v2 Azure Storage account, you are only charged for the amount of data that is stored. All read and write operations are free.
404	Transferring data between Azure Storage accounts in different Azure regions is free.
405	In Azure Active Directory Premium P2, at least 99.9 percent availability is guaranteed.
406	The Service Level Agreement (SLA) for Azure Active Directory Premium P2 is the same as the SLA for Azure Active Directory Free.
407	All paying Azure customers receive a credit if their monthly uptime percentage is below the guaranteed amount in the Service Level Agreement (SLA).
408	Adding resource groups in an Azure subscription generates additional costs.
409	Copying 10 GB of data to Azure from an on-premises network over a VPN generates additional Azure data transfer costs.
410	Copying 10 GB of data from Azure to an on-premises network over a VPN generates additional Azure data transfer costs.
411	Each Azure subscription can contain multiple account administrators.
412	Each Azure subscription can be managed by using a Microsoft account only.
413	An Azure resource group contains multiple Azure subscriptions.
414	Data that is stored in the Archive access tier of an Azure Storage account [...].
415	You deploy an Azure resource. The resource becomes unavailable for an extended period due to a service outage. Microsoft will automatically [refund your bank account].
416	When you need to delegate permissions to several Azure virtual machines simultaneously, you must deploy the Azure virtual machines [to the same Azure region].
417	Azure Cosmos DB is an example of a [...] offering.
418	The Microsoft Service Trust Portal can be accessed by using a Microsoft cloud services account.
419	Compliance Manager can be used to track your company regulatory compliance activities related to Microsoft cloud services.
420	The My Library feature can be used to save Microsoft Service Trust Portal documents and resources in a single location.
421	Your company plans to migrate all its data and resources to Azure. The company migration plan states that only Platform as a Service (PaaS) solutions must be used in Azure. You need to deploy an Azure environment that supports the planned migration. Solution: You create an Azure App Service and Azure Storage accounts. Does this meet the goal?
422	Data that is stored in the Archive access tier of an Azure Storage account [can be access at any time by using azcopy.exe].
423	To implement a hybrid cloud model, a company must always migrate from a private cloud model.
424	A company can extend the computing resources of its internal network by using the public cloud.
425	Azure DevOps Services allows developers to deploy or update applications to Azure using Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipelines.
426	Azure DevOps Services includes a Git repository for developers to store code.
427	Azure DevOps Services can be used to build and host web apps.
428	You plan to deploy 20 virtual machines to an Azure environment. To ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 cannot connect to the other virtual machines, VM1 must [be deployed to a separate virtual network].
429	You plan to extend your company network to Azure. The network contains a VPN appliance that uses an IP address of 131.107.200.1. You need to create an Azure resource that identifies the VPN appliance. Which Azure resource should you create?
430	You have several virtual machines in an Azure subscription. You create a new subscription. [The virtual machines cannot be moved to the new subscription].
431	[...] is the process of verifying a user credentials.
432	If a resource group named RG1 has a delete lock, [...] can delete RG1.
433	A Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution that hosts web apps in Azure provides full control of the operating systems that host applications.
434	A Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution that hosts web apps in Azure can be provided with additional memory by changing the pricing tier.
435	A Platform as a Service (PaaS) solution that hosts web apps in Azure can be configured to automatically scale the number of instances based on demand.
436	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use PowerShell in Azure Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
437	You plan to deploy 20 virtual machines to an Azure environment. To ensure that a virtual machine named VM1 cannot connect to the other virtual machines, VM1 must [...].
438	From Azure Service Health, an administrator can view the health of all the services deployed to an Azure environment and all the other services available in Azure.
439	Match the Azure Services service to the correct descriptions.
440	[Azure policies provide] a common platform for deploying objects to a cloud infrastructure and for implementing consistency across the Azure environment.
441	All the Azure resources deployed to a single resource group must share the same Azure region.
442	If you set permissions to a resource group, all the Azure resources in that resource group inherit the permissions.
443	If you create two Azure virtual machines that use the B2S size, each virtual machine will always generate the same monthly costs.
444	When an Azure virtual machine is stopped, you continue to pay storage costs associated to the virtual machine.
445	An Azure Policy initiative is a [...].
446	Your company has a Software Assurance agreement that includes Microsoft SQL Server licenses. You plan to deploy SQL Server on Azure virtual machines. What should you do to minimize licensing costs for the deployment?
447	If your company uses an Azure free account you can only deploy Azure virtual machines and Azure storage accounts.
448	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use the Azure portal. Does this meet the goal?
449	You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use Bash in Azure Cloud Shell. Does this meet the goal?
450	Which Azure service should you use to correlate events from multiple resources into a centralized repository?
451	When planning to migrate a public website to Azure, you must plan to [pay monthly usage costs].
452	When you are implementing a Software as a Service (SaaS) solution, you are responsible for [configuring high availability].
453	Azure provides flexibility between capital expenditure (CapEx) and operational expenditure (OpEx).
454	Your company plans to deploy an Artificial Intelligence (AI) solution in Azure. What should the company use to build, test, and deploy predictive analytics solutions?
455	Your company plans to purchase Azure. The company support policy states that the Azure environment must provide an option to access support engineers by phone or email. You need to recommend which support plan meets the support policy requirement. Solution: Recommend a Standard support plan. Does this meet the goal?
456	You have an Azure environment that contains 10 web apps. To which URL should you connect [1] to manage all the Azure resources? https://[1].[2].com.
457	You have an Azure environment that contains 10 web apps. To which URL should you connect [2] to manage all the Azure resources? https://[1].[2].com.
458	You plan to create an Azure virtual machine. You need to identify which storage service must be used to store the data disks of the virtual machine. What should you identify?
459	You have an Azure environment. You need to create a new Azure virtual machine from an Android laptop. Solution: You use the PowerApps portal. Does this meet the goal?
460	To implement an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) solution, you must deploy a federation solution or sync on-premises identities to the cloud.
461	Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) can be required for administrative and non administrative user accounts.
462	You need to view a list of planned maintenance events that can affect the availability of an Azure subscription. Which blade should you use from the Azure portal?
463	A company can extend the capacity of its internal network by using the public cloud.
464	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more resource groups. Does this meet the goal?
465	[...] a common platform for deploying objects to a cloud infrastructure and for implementing consistency across the Azure environment.
466	Which cloud deployment solution is used for Azure virtual machines and Azure SQL databases?
467	When planning to migrate a public website to Azure, you must plan to [...].
468	Azure Pay-As-You-Go pricing is an example of CapEx.
469	Azure Reserved VM Instances are an example of OpEx.
470	Deploying your own datacenter is an example of CapEx.
471	A company can extend a private cloud by adding its physical servers to the public cloud.
472	To build a hybrid cloud, you must deploy resources to the public cloud.
473	A private cloud must be disconnected from the internet.
474	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to a scale set. Does this meet the goal?
475	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more availability zones. Does this meet the goal?
476	When you are implementing a Software as a Service (SaaS) solution, you are responsible for [...].
477	You plan to deploy several Azure virtual machines. You need to ensure that the services running on the virtual machines are available if a single data center fails. Solution: You deploy the virtual machines to two or more regions. Does this meet the goal?
478	Azure resources can only access other resources in the same resource group.
479	If you delete a resource group, all the resources in the resource group will be deleted.
480	A resource group can contain resources from multiple Azure regions.
481	Data that is copied to an Azure Storage account is maintained automatically in at least three copies.
482	Your company has an on-premises network that contains multiple servers. The company plans to reduce the following administrative responsibilities of network administrators: Backing up application data. Replacing failed server hardware. Managing physical server security. Updating server operating systems. Managing permissions to shared documents. The company plans to migrate several servers to Azure virtual machines. You need to identify which administrative responsibilities will be eliminated after the planned migration. Which two responsibilities should you identify? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.
483	Azure Cosmos DB is an example of a [Platform as a Service (PaaS)] offering.
484	[Authorization] is the process of verifying a user credentials.
485	You plan to migrate several servers from an on-premises network to Azure. You need to identify the primary benefit of using a public cloud service for the servers. What should you identify?
